docs(carousel): add related component tips (#7665)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(components)/carousel.mdx

</Carousel.Root>
```

:::tip

> If you only need customized scrollbars for overflowing content, consider using [ScrollArea](/docs/components/scroll-area) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only need customized scrollbars for overflowing content, use [ScrollArea](/docs/components/scroll-area).
```

::::

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
If you only need customized scrollbars for overflowing content, consider using [ScrollArea](/docs/components/scroll-area) instead.
:::

```
